Alright, so far we have hopefully completed the following tasks:
  - Signed up on slack
  - Completed the command line tutorial on Codecademy
  - Gone through the Unix101 slides at rcac.purdue.edu
  - Learned and practiced how shell scripts work
  - Learned basic cluster architecture from the slides

If you have not done all of those please complete them in that order.

So we have learned about general concepts like unix commands, scripting, and the queue.
Now we finally need to put that knowledge to use and run a scientific app.  The app we
are going to use is Splotch, a visualization tool for astrophysics simulations.  It 
sounds complicated but what we're doing really isn't.  We're just going to make some
pretty pictures.

Start by pulling our SCC github repo with:

git clone https://github.com/Nekai/SCC

Inside you should find a file splotch.tgz.  That's a compressed file that holds all
the files we'll need to run splotch, exactly like a .zip file.  You can uncompress it
by using the tar command:

tar -xzf splotch.tgz
** Please extract it outside of the SCC folder

Inside the splotch folder you should see all the files you need, including a binary
simply called splotch and a parameter file with a .par extension.  You can run
splotch using:

./splotch parfile.par
** Note that parfile.par should be replaced with whatever your parameter file is
***** Remember not to run apps on the frontend

Before you run it you will want to run:

module load gcc openmpi

Those are to load the open source compilers instead of the proprietary Intel ones.
Sometimes you need to build an app with gcc rather than intel, but intel is preferable.

Once it runs you should see a .tga file, which is the output image.  You can convert 
this to a .jpg with the convert command

convert INPUT_FILE OUTPUT_FILE
** Note that INPUT_FILE and OUTPUT_FILE should be replaced with whatever you want your
   input and output files to be

You can view this image in thinlinc with the desktop tools.

If you've gotten this all done, try to automate the entire process by making a shell
script that can do everything that is needed to run splotch and try to submit it to 
the queue.  If you want, you should also make a script to download and setup splotch.
Practice your shell scripting with the app.

If you're all done and want some more work to do, try going through the Clusters101
slides at rcac.purdue.edu.  They should be in the same place as the Unix101 slides.

If you have any questions at all please let one of us know or send a message in slack.
